Remove CSI and rplidar modules (#2279)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/registry/configure.md

   {{<imgproc src="registry/configure/add-local-module-csi-cam.png" resize="600x" declaredimensions=true alt="The add a local module pane with name 'my-csi-ca' and executable path '/usr/local/bin/viam-csi'">}}

>    This example shows the configuration for adding a [CSI camera](https://app.viam.com/module/viam/csi-cam) as a local module.

Author: ```suggestion
   This example shows the configuration for adding a [CSI camera](https://github.com/viamrobotics/csi-camera/) as a local module.
```
